Unknown
Nim
Raashak

Empty Bucket
============

Unknown drinking at the bar.
Nim trying to charm his way into a job singing at the tavern
Kaashak enters looking for work, directed to the job board. Nim, having been turned down for a job, joins him. Unknown, trying to avoid paying her tab, sneaks out among them.

Job Board
=========

Three jobs - Kashaak takes rat job, returns to tavern to find location of job and goes there, killing a good 20 rats.
Nim and Unknown go to a house to repair its roof. While Nim is outside scoping out the job, Unknown enters the house and steals a small wooden box. She leaves without being noticed.

Kashaak returns to the job board to take the last job, gathering of wolf pelts for Mary's Cloakes. He goes to the tavern to ask directions for someone who has pelts. Eventually directed to the Hunter's Guild.

Unknown shows Nim the way to the hardware store to buy wood for the wood. Unknown slips away and goes to her fence, where she sells the box and it's small collection of jewellery.

On way back to tavern, Unknown meets Kashaak and they both go to the Hunter's Guild to inquire about wolf pelts. They are given general direction for known wolf spots, and are challenged to clear a nearby dwarf mine of an 'infestation'.

They head back towards the tavern and split up.

Nim purchases the wood for the roof and takes them back to the house, on the way he bumps into Kaashak and he helps carry the wood to the house. He also lends his rope to Nim. With the rope, and some small pieces of wood, Nim makes a rudimentary pulley to help get the wood up to the roof.

Meanwhile, Unknown has gone back to the tavern and used some of her ill-gotten money to pay off her bar-tab.

Kaashak goes to a nearby shop to research purchasing a ranged weapon, but doesn't have enough gold.

Nim completes a good portion of the roof, and after a quick supper provided by the owner of the house, he returns to the Empty Bucket.

Empty Bucket
============

All three are now at the empty bucket and both Nim and Raashak decide to split a single room, Nim sleeping on the floor.

After a simple breakfast, all three decide to finish the roof together, and get it done in half a day.

Out-of-town
===========

All three decide to go wolf-hunting together.

Kaashak goes stealth, and the other two lose him.

Nim and Unknown find a sleeping wolf under a larged branched tree. Kaashak, who had been following the other two, comes out of stealth, startling Unknown. Together they kill the wolf, and another that came to its aid. The take the pelts, and a few other things.

Looking for more wolves, they come across smoke. They stealth up and find two kolbolds around a cooking pot.

After killing them, the group enter the abandonded dwarf mine they were guarding. After a few battles, and a little looting, they find that the kobolds are feeding, and actually worshipping, a Giant Octupus that is living in the underground lake.

A long, bloody battle ensues and the Gnome Bard Nim takes the killing blow. More looting occurs and the group returns to town to sell the pelts at Mary's Cloakes and Clothes.

Empty Bucket
============

Returning to the tavern, Nim finally convinces Tom that he is a decent musician and manages to sing for his lodgings.

The group sleep and the first part of the story is done.

Kashaak levels up.

Job Board
=========

In the morning, the three wake up and Unknown and Nim head to the message board to look for jobs. They see a single job, for collecting the harvest.

Meanwhile Kashaak goes to the Hunter's Guild to start an initiation. He is told to return in a few hours when someone will take him on his initial Hunt for the guild.

Nim does a little light shopping, while unknown goes to kill a bird to get a feather for Nim's magic.

Outside of Town
===============

They all meet up and exit the South Gate to search for wolves to pelt. They find some tracks that look like wolf tracks, but are far bigger. They also spot blood along the trail.

The Cave
========

They eventually find a cave where the wolf prints end. Kashaak realises the time and starts heading back to town to go to the Hunters Guild while Nim and Unknown enter the cave. They trigger a trap at its entrance, but manage to dodge out of its way.

The continue to enter and hear a wolf further ahead. They continue and find a small room at the end which contains the wolf and a man that appears to be patching up a wound on his leg.

Nim calls out to see if the man needs aid, to which the man responds by telling them to leave. After refusing to do so, the man commands his wolf to attack them.

After a brief spout, Unknown grabs the small gnome, Nim, and drags him out of the cave, leaving the wolf and the man behind.

Hunters Guild
=============

Rashaak returns to the Hunters Guild and accepts the initiation mission. Guided by a guild member, he goes on the hunt for a brown bear. After a short following of tracks, the bear is tracked down, but proves too much for the lone Rashaak to handle.

He returns to The Cave to see if his friends are still there but instead finds the man and his wolf. After a brief bout, upon which Kashaak is definitely on the losing end, he runs away and returns to the Town.

Job Board
=========

On the way back to the tavern, Unknown glances at the job board and reads the notice about the harvest job. She immediately sees the hidden code within in and knows that the Thieves Guild is offering a special job. Unknown returns to the tavern with Nim.

Empty Bucket
============

After a non-productive day, Unknown settles down to get some quality drinking time seen to and Nim once again sings for his lodgings.

Rashaak arrives and goes straight to his room.

After a quick breakfast the next morning, Unknown slips away from the party to go see her Fence friend, whom she knows is a member of the Thieves Guild.

She learns that a 'Special Item' was stolen from the Thieves Guild by an ex-member, and a bounty has been placed for the return of the item and the head of the man who stole it. She is given a brief description of the man and is told that he had a 'large dog' with him. She realises this is the same man that they fought the previous day and returns to the tavern.

She meets up with the other two who have decided to go back to the cave as a group to confront the man and his wolf. Unknown goes along with this.

The Cave
========

Rashaak rushes into the cave, narrowly missing a newly set trap, and is immediately attacked by the wolf. The other two arrive shortly afterwards and the three of them manage to dispatch the wolf and the thief with a little effort.

Seeing Unknown unsuccessully attempt to cut off the head of the man, Rashaak helps with a single clean blow.

While Nim removes the pelt of what he has now realised is a Dire-Wolf, Rashaak and Unknown search the room. Rashaak discovers an unusual feature of the room, but cannot do anything with it. Upon inspection, Unknown recognises it as a thief safe and manages to get it open. Inside is a small, shiny, metal box.

Taking the head and the box, Unknown, accompanied by the others, returns to town.

Hunters Guild
=============

With the pelt of a Dire-Wolf, Nim tries to sign up to the Hunter's Guild. May tells him that his initiation could begin in the morning. He then leaves to go to shopping.

The Fence
=========

Meanwhile, Unknown meets with her fence, who is very happy upon seeing the head of the dead thief and the box returned intact. Unknown is paid a reward and leaves to find the others.

Mary's Cloaks
=============

After meeting up, the three head to the Cloak store to sell there wolf pelt. After doing so, Rashaak and Nim ask to see the metal box, to see if they can determing what it is.

Uknown tries to convince them that she lost it, but is unable to decieve them. A short argument leads into Rashaak hitting Unknown. Mary orders the three to leave her shop. When Rashaak refuses, she calls for the guards who forcibly remove them from the store.

Outside, Unknown stalks off and Rashaak raises a javelin as if to throw it at her. The guard quickly grabs the javelin and tells Rashaak to calm down. Upon refusing to, Rashaak is arrested and escorted to the nearest holding cell where he stays the night.

Empty Bucket
============

Nim plays for his lodgings again and after a bring stint of drinking, Unknown goes to sleep.

Nim and Unknown level up.

Upon waking, Unknown finds a note has been left for her. It appears to be from the Thieves Guild, and is inviting her to join.

Roshaak is released and joins his allies at tavern. After a small breakfast, they all leave to go to the Hunter Guild to start the initiation.

Hunters Guild
=============

Ander takes the three on the initiation. They attack a bear and have nearly dispatched it when another appears. They finish up the first and make short work of the second.

Ander grudgingly admits that they have passed the test and inform them that they are now members of the Guild and are free to take Hunters Guild quests.

Ander stays to carve up the bears and the trio return to the city.

Road
====

On the road outside of Fallcrest the team spot a Merchant and two would-be bandits that are sneaking up behind him. Rashaak charges towards the bandits and Unknown shoots at them.

The team take down the two thugs and are then approached by another, better dressed bandit. He states that his two friends appear to have failed the test and attacks the group.

With the help of the merchant and his crossbow, the three take down the last bandit.

Grateful for the help, the merchant hires the group to guard him on the way to Cloahpool, the city to the west.

They direct the merchant, Sylis Olomyar, to the tavern. While Nim and Unknown goes to the shops to sell the gear looted from the bandits, Raashak heads to the hunters guild to inquire about jobs.

Empty Bucket
============

The team regroup at the tavern and stay the night. Nim performs well enough to get a free room for the night.

The next morning the group and Sylis head for Cloahpool. Upon exiting the town, Sylis informs the groups that he would prefer to avoid the roads and keep under cover.

Wilderness
==========

For the next two days the group travel with little difficulty, although they do see what appears to be a dragon fly overhead. It doesn't appear to spot them.

During the night, Raashak spots the creature again and alerts the group.

A White Wyrmling lands and a Drow immediately jumps off of its back and goes to attack Sylis.

The team make short work of the Drow, but the Wyrmling takes a little more effort, but they do manage to kill it.

After the fight, the team interrogate the supposed merchant and ask why he would have been targeted by a dragon.

Some persuasion and a little intimidation later, Sylis confesses to be carrying a message for the Lord of Cloahpool. A key to a prison has been stolen and the Lord needs to be informed.

Sylis offer a bonus of 30gp each for the killing of the dragon and for keeping the secret.

They decide to forgoe sleep and travel throught the night to reach Cloahpool by morning.

Cloahpool
=========

Taking Sylis directly to the Lord's keep, Sylis asks them to wait at the Melting Pot, a nearby tavern. Being slightly untrusting of Sylis, Raashak follows him into the Lords keep, but is stopped by guards trying to enter the main chamber.

Raashak joins the others at the tavern and waits for Sylis to return.

They ask the barman to see if there is a Hunters Guild in town. They find out there isn't, but that there is a Fighters Guild.

On the way to the Fighters Guild, they stop off at an armourer to see if they can turn their dragon scales into anything. The armourer tells them he can make a Dragon Scale shield with them. They leave the scales with him to pick the shield up in the morning.

They go to the Fighters Guild to see about joining. They are told that anyone can fight here, and that fights are usually scheduled after the work day is done. Nim signs up to possibly fight.

The party heads back to the tavern, getting into an argument with some guards over not letting them into the High Area.

At the tarvern, they find Sylis waiting. He proceeds to give them their gold and tells them about a mission he would like them to partake in.

He asks them to find the Eye of the Raven Queen. A magical device somehow connected with the Raven Queen, the Goddess of Death. It is needed to try and find the missing key. They are fronted 1000GP and promised another 1000GP upon retrieval of the item.

Given what they know of the Raven Queen, the association with death, they head to the prison to see if any murderers know anything of the Goddess. They meet a prisoner who tells them that he is not a holy man, and knows little of holy matters.

The team split up, with Raashak heading to a local temple, and Nim and Unknown heading to the local library.

Both teams find out that there used to be a temple to the Raven Queen in the mountains to the South.

The team meet up again and decide to do a little shopping. They find a wizard running a nearby item shop and ask him to try and scry for the Eye. He does so and tells them that is is being stored in a dark room, a long way to the South East. He sees what he thinks is a man walk passed a corridor outside the room. The team buy a few items and leave to go back to the tavern.

In the morning they pick up the shield and leave to go south.

The party moves quickly through Dewsbury and Azmar, ending up at the Azmar Pass, which goes through the mountains to Southern Taldoran.

Azmar Pass
==========

After carefully crossing a dangerous looking rope bridge, the party run into a group of Centaurs who inform them that the temple is nearby and given them some landmarks to look out for.

A little farther on, the party hear a stuck Centaur that got separated from its group. Raashak frees the centaurs foot by removing the rock trapping its foot. In thanks, the Centaur gifts the party its +1 Longbow.

Temple of the Raven Queen
=========================

The team eventually come to the massive doors of the temple of the Raven Queen. Opening the doors they see the massive entrance hall and enter, Unknown staying slight behind. Raashak and Nim look into one of the side rooms and alert a band of Goblins. An extended fight occurs with many Goblins, Hobgoblins and Bugbears.

After a short rest, the party start looting the bodies and searching the temple. Raashak and Nim explore the rest of the rooms. Raashak discovers a room with a rapier (+1) and some gold, while Nim discovers some magical arrows. He identifies two of them as fire arrows, but is unable to identify the third.

They all follow a tunnel leading out from the main hall, but they discover it has caved in. They see evidence that the various goblins and Bugbears were in the process of clearing it out, but there seems to be a lot still to do. Nim and Unknown rest while Raashak goes in search of the Centaurs to see if they can help. Unable to find them, he heads back.

Reunited, the team decide to continue through the mountains to Irragin and stay the night. Nim posts a sign up on a local job board for people to come and help dig out the temple.

Irragin
=======

Meanwhile, Raashak asks around and finds out that a local family, the Dwarven Moireach's, are a family rumoured to be connected with the Raven Queen. He asks for their where-a-bouts and is directed to an estate a few miles out of town. After a little shopping, he goes to investigate.

Meanwhile, Nim and Unknown wait around to see if anyone will respond to the job notice.

Moireach Manor
==============

Raashak arrives at Moireach Manor and is greeted by a Dwarf, the owner of the house. Raashak asks him if he knows anything about the Raven Queen. Moireach says that his family was once acolytes of the Raven Queen.

Raashak asks if there is perhaps a seconds, accessible entrance to the temple. Moireach claims there is, but is unwilling to reveal its existence at first, until Raashak convinces him. Raashak is led down to the basement and shown a secret entrance behind some shelves. He looks into the cavern behind the shelves and says he'll be back with his friends soon.

Raashak heads back to town.

Irragin
=======

As noone seem to be interested in a job moving rocks in a temple dedicated to the Goddess of Death, Nim heads to a local blacksmith to see about getting some weapons silvered. He is quoted a price of 50GP to get a longsword silvered. He heads back to the tavern.

Raashak arrives back in town and find Unknown at the tavern. Together they look around town for Nim, eventually being led to the blacksmiths. Raashak decides to get his longsword silvered. The blacksmith takes it and says he'll be done by the morning.

The party meet up again at the tavern and sleep the night.

In the morning Raashak tells the others of his discoveries at Moireach manor and, after picking up his sword from the blacksmiths, they all head back to it.

Moireach Manor
==============

A few hours later, they arrive at the manor and are greeted by Moireach. He helpfully equips them with some vials of Holy Water and two potions. He also gives them a Crystal Ball of Returning that, when crushed, will teleport the crusher and anyone standing next to them straight to the basement of this house. The trio go through the hidden door in the basement and head into the darkness.

Under the Mountains
===================

After a couple of hours of underground travel, the team find their way into a large cavern, the sound of water rushing in the near-distance. Raashak is surprised by an attack from an undead foe. The team quickly recognise their enemy as a Zombie and start their counter attack. A short battle with several zombies and a skeleton is won with only a little difficulty.

After a short rest, the team advance and find the source of the noise, an underground river. They find a stone bridge and cross with ease. On the other side they spot a dead body on the ground. Preemptively, Unknown fires an arrow into the body. Nothing happens. Raashak approaches and narrowly escapes being swipped ay by the, apparantly, undead body. He makes short work of it and decapitates it instantly. As he does, he sees a medallian fall of its neck. He grabs it and puts it on.

Following the cavern along the team discover more zombies and effortlessly, and stealthily, kill them.

While fighting, Unknown spots some faint light moving in the distance.

Raashak throws a rock towards them, but it takes much longer to land and make a noise than he would expect.

The team advance and find a massive ravine with a rope bridge. They cannot see the otherside, or the bottom. They quietly cross.

Getting impatient for a fight, Raashak yells out at the moving lights. Shortly after, out of the darkness come three Magic Missiles aimed right for him. Scared, Raashak runs back over to the bridge, first pausing to tie his rope to the post. Many zombies and skeletons approach, followed by a Flaming Skull.

While both Raashak and Unknown dash across the bridge, Nim tries to hide in the darkness.

As Raashak makes it to the other side of the bridge he is hit again by three Magic Missiles, only barely staying alive. Dropping his rope, he decides to keeps on running.

Nim is attacked by a trio of zombies that split off from the larger herd and Unknown tries to fight the first Flaming Skull, taking hits from both as she does.

After getting some distance away, Raashak uses his heavy crossbow to deal some damage to the Skull right at Unknown. The Skull retaliates and knocks Raashak out.

Alone, against two Flaming Skulls, Unknown manages to take one down, but is bested by the other.

Nim manages to defeat the three zombies at him and sneak past all the other enemies, that have now returned to this side of the ravine and gets to Unknown as she is on the brink of death and saves her. He drags her to Raashak and finds him unconcious, but stable. Healing him so he can move, the three slowly return to Moireach Manor.

Moireach Manor
==============

Having suffered their first defeat, the team are despondent and upon arriving, Moireach offers rooms for them to recover in.

The next morning, as Unknown rests, trying to recover from her near-death experience, Nim and Raashak head to Irragin, Nim to buy a drum and a belt, and Raashak to look for information about the undead. Finding nothing useful, Raashak and Nim head back to Moireach Manor. Along the way, they find some tracks and decide to follow them East.

Wolarb Marsh
============

After an hour of following tracks, Nim and Raashak end up in a marsh. The two come across some snakes, that they switly deal with. Deciding that they've followed far enough, they head back to the manor.

Moireach Manor
==============

Nima and Raashak return to the Manor and talk to Moireach about the temple and the undead. Moireach advises not going back down, but that Holy Water should help with defeating them.

In the morning, while Unknown remains resting, Nim starts praticing a spell he believes will help with the upcoming fight with the undead. Meanwhile, Raashak begins hunting around the manor looking for tracks.

He eventually find some tracks, that look like pawprints - bigger than a wolfs, but smaller than the direwolf's he'd seen before. After a few hours, he manages to track down a Death Dog. A fierce fight ensues and although he wins, Raashak is poisoned.

Raashak returns to the manor to find Nim practicing a spell - they both go inside and Nim explains his plan to both Unknown and Raashak. He plans to cast a Ritual of Silence on the Flaming Skulls and have Raashak get in close to not allow the Flaming Skull to leave the area of influence.

In the morning, Raashak realises that he is still poisoned and that his maximum HP has dropped. He decides to head back to Irragin to get a potion to cure him. When he arrives back Raashak, Nim and Unknown all go into the underground passage and head back towards the temple.

Under the Mountains
===================

It takes a few hours to get back to the first cavern and when they get there the three find the remains of the bodies they killed before. The head over udnerground river using the stone bridge and proceed to enter the next cavern. As they enter they a floating skull hovering around the location that Unknown had previously killed one. It appears to have regenerated itself.

Nim and Unknown hide behind a stalagmite and Nim begins casting a Silence Ritual aimed at the Skull. While this is happening, Raashak slowly creeps forwards towards the skull. As Nim finishes the spell, Unknown takes a shot at the skull and Raashak rushes forward. A short fight ensues and the team manage to easily take down the Skull.

Raashak, wanting to take no chances, sprinkles Holy Water on the skull and then procedes to throw it into the near-by ravine.

Now standing at the edge of the ravine, the team can see the light from the second skull in the distance. They stealthily cross the bridge and they decide to try the same plan again. Nim casts another Silence Ritual and Raashak prepares to run forward. As Nim is finishing the spell, he gives a nod to Raashak who now runs forward and charges the skull. The three manage to again, now working efficiently as a team, easily take down the Skull and the surrounding Zombies and Skeletons.

Nim throws the Skull over the edge of the ravine and the three settle down for a short rest.

Rested, the team proceed into the cave system. Not far on, the reach a fork in the tunnel. The left passage seems to head up and the right slopes down and to the left. Seeing some rubble at the bottom of the left slope, Nim forms an idea and, asking the others to wait for a moment, he heads up the left passage which he quickly discovers is blocked to due a cave in.

Nim returns to the others and tells them his discovery. The three decide that this is the passage that leads to the main entrance to the temple in the mountains and head down the left route.

After a few hundred meters, they get to an opening with a ceiling higher than they can easily see. Looking forward, they spot a light moving around. They try to stealth forward, but fail and the Flaming Skull starts to attack them. With Nim casting a Silence spell and Unknown and Rashaak managing to mostly keep the Flaming Skull in that area, it's quickly defeated.

After the fight, Nim notices another skull on the floor, this one cracked. Nim tries to destroy the skull, but fails. About to throw it, Nim holds it above his head and Raashak fires his crossbow at the skull, shattering it.

While this is going on, Unknown spots, above them, a rope bridge. Further on Nim spots and dangling rope hanging down the right wall. Nim climbs up it and takes a look around.

While Nim climbs up, Raashak fire his crossbow into the darkness in front of them and pays attention for a reaction. After getting no reaction, he moves forward to wear his bolt landed. When he gets there, he sees, in the distance a slight shimmer. Raashak moves back to Unknown at the rope.

Unknown and Raashak both climb up the rope and take a look around. Rashakk tells them both of the shimmer as they head towards the rope bridge. Getting to the bridge, they discover a rope tied to it - a rope tied to another which was is tied to the other end of the bridge. They realise it's the rope that Raashak tied to the bridge before and that they've gone around in a circle. Nim retrieves the rope and Raashak climbs back down.

Not wanting to climb back down, Nim pulls up the rope. While doing that, Unknown notices the piton used to anchor the rope and the Thieves Guild symbol engraved on it.

Nim and Unknown both go back round following the same route they did before and meet up with Raashak. They proceed forward to examine the shimmer.

They are attacked by three ghasts. It's a struggle, but they do manage to defeat them.

A short rest later they proceed forward and come to a stepped pyramid, made from a black, slightly shiney stone.

Speaking a little too loudly, Raashak is attacked by a ray coming from the top of the pyramid. Nim and Unknown hide against the wall of the pyramid and Raashak fires a shot in the direction of the ray.

Coming out of the darkness, the team see an undead beholder, and coming around the side of the pyramid are two zombies.

It's a long, touch fight, with Unknown nearly getting vapourised in a single hit, but the party manage to kill the enemies and get to the top of the temple.

Instead of the relic they were hoping to find, they spot an alter. They determine is was used for sacrifices to the Raven Queen. Unknown notices a symbol painted on the alter - it's the symbol of the Thieves Guild.

Nim notices some large groves cut into the right side of the top of the pyramid and, looking over the shear edge, notice many holes in the pyramid wall. It looks like someone has used climbing gear to sneak up the side of the pyramid.

Realising that the Eye of the Raven Queen has probably been stolen, and remembering back to the Wizards scrying and determining that this is not the place that he was describing, the team start to head back to Moireach manor.

Moireach Manor
==============

Getting back at late night, the team go straight to bed.

They all level up.

In the morning, they ask Moireach for directions to the nearest city. He hands them a map and points to Huckson, to the East.

In a hurry now, the party decides to cut across Wolarb Marsh to get to Huckson quicker.

Wolarb Marsh
============

They make it across half of the marsh without much difficulty and make it to the river.

While attempting to cross, they are attacked by alliagators. In the ensuing fight, Nim is taken down, but the other two manage to prevail. Nim is revived with a potion and they all cross the river.

They make it throw the marsh and manage to find a road. They follow the road to the city of Huckson.

Huckson
======

Now in Hukson, they start creating plans for how to find a member of the Thieves Guild. They go to a local tavern and try to get the attention of any members of the Guild by having Unknown use thieves cant in a conversation. It doesn't appear to work and they retire for the evening.

Raashak levels up.

In the morning, the party decide to leave a message on the job board, written with Thieves Cant, with the hidden message Fountain, West Gate, Midnight.

To kill time, the team head towards the Fighter's Guild to see about entering into a fight. Both Raashak and Nim sign up for a fight later in the day. They learn that the fighter's guild uses the Hunter's Guild to acquire animals for it for the fights.

While Nim goes to a local Guild of Artists and Entertainers, Raashak and Unknown head to the Hunter's Guild to see if they have any jobs. When they get there, they hear a struggle 'round back and go to see what is happening. they see some hunter's wrestling with a large beast. After asking if they require help, Raashak and Unknown are told that everything is under control. After seeing another hunter cast a spell, putting the beast to sleep, the two head back 'round to the front of the Guild where they meet a member of the Guild and ask about jobs. He doesn't give any specific jobs, but does tell them that they are always on the look out for rare animal parts and even new and rare new species of creatures. Raashak sells them some parts for a little gold and he and Unknown return to the tavern where they planned to meet Nim.

At the tavern, the team decide to explore the surrounding area while waiting for the fights to start in the evening. They head west, past D'holden, a Dwarven Town, and end up back at the edge of Wolarb Marsh where they have a quick battle with some poisonous snakes and head back to Huckson.

Now later in the day, the team return to the Fighter's Guild.

They witness another first-time fighter fight a bugbear and win.

Raashak and Nim both decide to fight a bugbear each. Raashak is first up and struggles a little at the beginning, but eventually overcomes the bugbear with little difficulty.

Nim has a little more difficulty, but is equally victorious.

The team collect the winnings they had from the bets they made and stay to watch the remaining fights.

The last fight of the night is two fighters, neither new-comers to the Fighter's Guild, but neither are exceptionally experienced either. They are against a Chirmera and are swiftly knocked out. Before the Chimera can completely kill the two combatants, another member of the Guilds steps out from behind them and casts a powerful spell of the Chimera, putting it to sleep.

As it's nearing midnight, the team go the the fountain near the west gate and see if anyone will show up for their secret meeting. Nim and Raashak hide nearby and Unknown stands near the fountain, waiting for a member of the Thieves Guild. They wait for an hour, but noone appears to show up.

Nim and Unknown return to the Tavern and go to sleep. Raashak stays behind for another hour but doesn't see anything and returns to the tavern.

A few hours later, during Unknowns Meditation, she hears he door open and opens her eyes and sees a man in dark clothes leaning against the door. Unknown explains to the man that they are looking for the Eye of the Raven Queen. The man doesn't appear to know what that is and says that information is not given out freely, or cheaply, to non-members. Unknown goes and wakes up Nim and Raashak in the next room.

With the help of Nim, Unknown convinces the man to initiate them into the Thieves Guild. The thief gives them a simple task, to go to Murkshear and retrieve a bag from a dwarven ex-merchant, Targ Crest-Hammer, to whom the bag was mistakenly sold with a rare and precious item still hidden within.

After the party agrees to the initiation test, the man leaves and the team go back to their rest.

Nim and Unknown level up.

In the morning, Nim goes to a local shop and spends some of his winnings from the previous day's fights to purchase some healing potions. Afterwards, the team head out the South Gate towards Murkshear.

Road to Murkshear
=================

Half way along the road to Murkshear they party get to a bridge and see three people with large dogs. As they get closer they see that two of the dogs are infact Direwolves and one is a Deathdog. Initially acting friendly, the three men turn out to be bandits and attack the group.

A bloodly battle ensues leaving only one of the men, and none of the animals, alive.

Nim restores life to one of the other men, but the last is too far gone to heal.

The last man is told to leave and never bother them again. He takes his still living friend with him as he leaves.

The team continue to Murkshear.

Murkshear
=========

The party arrive at Murkshear at night and head straight for the nearest taven, The Pink Jug, and get rooms for the night.

In the morning the party splits up to find out information about Targ Crest-Hammer. Nim talks to the barman, Unknown goes to the Town Hall and Raashak goes to a nearby shop.

Nim learns that the mayor was recently killed in a hunting accident and that there is will soon be candidates announced for the position. Nim heads towards the Town Hall.

Meanwhile, Raashak heads to a nearby shop to try and find out about the Merchant Dwarf, Targ. Raashak learns that Targ is a fairly wealthy merchant and most likely lives in the richer part of town, to the North. Raashak goes to take a look around.

Rogue gets to the Town Hall where she finds a crowd of people outside. She learns that the candidates have just been announced for the new Mayor, one of whom is Targ Crest-Hammer. She also learns that he is currently inside the Town Hall, and that he lives at the North of the Town. She heads north.

Raashak gets to the richer part of town and starts looking for Targ's house. After a little trial-and-error he finds it, claiming to be delievering a package. A human, who appears to be a butler, comes to take the package, but Raashak claims he left it on his cart and will be back soon. Raashak heads south to find the others and runs into Unknown. They exchange information and Unknown heads to Targ's house and Raashak heads to the Town Hall.

Nim looks around the Town Hall and finds a secluded spot and disguises himself. He enters the Town Hall and has a look around. The desk in front of the door is empty and he has a quick look around. He glances over some minutes or a previous meeting. Nim hears talking coming from an adjacent room and goes to investigate. He sees four dwarves and two humans talking. Nim introduces himself as Sylus and asks for Targ. One of the Dwarves says that he is Targ Crest-Hammer. Nim claims he has come from the Lord of Cloahpool to help in in his campaign for Mayor and to take him out to lunch. Targ turns down the offer of lunch and resumes talking to the others. Nim stays and listens.

Rogue, now at Targ's house, has a look around and discovers a secluded secondary entrance to the grounds. It looks like a service entrance. Rogue notes it and returns to the Town Hall.

While Nim is listening to a conversation about the election, Raashak walks in. Nim tries to convince the people around him that the Half-Orc is an assassin here to kill Targ. Raashak pulls out his weapon and shouts Targ's name. Nim uses a spell (Viscious Mockery) to drop Raashak, who plays dead. Guards are called and Raashak is arrested.

Nim convinces Targ that someone is trying to kill him and that the Lord of Cloahpool sent him here to make sure that didn't happen. Targ is unimpressed with the gnome and asked to see proof he was sent by Robert Summerthorne (Lord of Cloahpool). Nim shows him the seal of Cloahpool given to them by Sylis. Nim implies that it might be his opponent in the election who is trying to kill him. Targ looks at the Dwarf on his left and asks him, Bran Ironforge, if he is trying to have him killed. Bran looks insulted that anyone would assume he would hire anyone so incompentant to kill someone.

Nim convinces Targ to go back to his manor for safety. Targ and Bran decide to go back to Targ's manor, and allow Nim to tag along. Unknown follows behind them, stealthily.

Inside, Nim makes mental notes of the layout and asks Targ to question his staff and the 'assassination' attempt. Targ reluctantly agrees, still not really seeing a threat. Nim finds a cook in the kitchin and asks him about food preparation and Targ's schedule. Nim wants to look in the store room, which is locked. He gets the cook to open it up and takes a quick look around. The cook asks what he is doing, and Nim responds that he's making sure that the food isn't poisoned. The cook gets suspicious and takes Nim to Targ to find out what is going on. Targ has had enough at this point and asks Nim to leave.

With Raashak in jail, Nim and Unknown try to come up with a plan to get him out. They try pretending to be lawyers in order to get in to see Raashak, but the guards are having none of it.

As a secondary plan, Nim disguises himself as a little boy and casts Invisibility of Unknown. Unknown sneaks into prison, carefully getting past the door to the cells and picking the lock on Raashak's prison door.

Meanwhile Nim has entered the prison claiming to be a little boy whose brother was arrested. Feeling sorry for him, one of the guards shows him the cells to see if he can find his brother. Unknown sneaks out as Nim and the guard pass them. After not finding his brother, going past Raashaks cell he touches him and casts invisibility on him.

In the main room of the prison, the guards suggest that he should stay here instead of wandering the streets. Nim plays a little tune to distract the guards from Raashak opening the door behind them and from stealing the keys to the storage room. Raashak manages to find his stuff in the storage room and feeds it through a small window into the alley besides the prison.

Raashak manages to sneak out of the prison and retrieve his stuff and Unknown goes into the prison claiming to be 'the little boy's mother and retrieves him.

Outside Raashak and Nim get into a physical fight while planning the heist of Targ's home.

Now getting dark, the party decide now is a good time for the heist. Nim casts invisibilty on Unknown and she heads off. Unknown successfully picks the side entrance and enters the kitchin. She looks around the store room and a small upstairs section which seems to be the butler's quarters. Outside, Nim sneaks in the side gate and 'round to the front of the house to keep watch.

Outside the gate, Raashak rings the bell next to the gate. Raashak tries to convince the butler that opened the door that Targ is in possession of a bag that he needs. The butler, not knowing what the Half-Orc is talking about, tells him to leave and closes the door. Raashak fires a crossbow bolt at the door and goes to hide. Having heard the bolt, the butler uses a magic to contact the guards.

Unknown sneaks back downstairs and towards the entrance hall.

Raashak spots two guards coming to Targ's manor and sees them ring the bell. The butler, not knowing what the Half-Orc is talking about, tells him to leave and closes the door. Raashak fires a crossbow bolt at the door and goes to hide. Having heard the bolt, the butler uses a magic to contact the guards.

Unknown sneaks back downstairs and towards the entrance hall.

Raashak spots two guards coming to Targ's manor and sees them ring the bell. The butler (Raan) opens the gate and lets the guards in to the house. Unknown opens the door to the hall and sees Raan, Targ and the two guards standing in the entrance hall, discussing the attack by the Half-Orc. Raashak fires another bolt at the door. The guards rush out and engage Raashak. Nim is forced to use a Stinking Cloud on the guards to help Raashak get away, which drops his concentration on Unknown's invisibility.

Now visible, but with Targ and Raan distracted watching the fight, Unknown manages to sneak through the entrance hall into the dining room and then to upstairs. She checks out a guest bedroom and heads to the master bedroom.

Nim, meanwhile, having watched Raashak run away, makes himself invisible and enters the side entrance and sneaks to the master bedroom. Nim and Unknown find the bag, as described, in the wardrobe. They exit the bedroom and hear the butler and Targ leave the entrance hall. They manage to sneak out of the house and join up with Raashak and head to The Pink Jug.

On the way, they inspect the bag and discover it to be a Bah of Holding.

In the morning they head back to Huckson.

Huckson
=======

Upon arriving in Huckson, the team find Unknown's Thief contact and show him the bag, who puts is hand in and retrieves an orb from within. Having successfully passed the initiation test, Unknown, and the party, are taken, via many twists and turns, to thew Thieves Guild.

As they enter, they hear a heated argument between two men and a women, discussing a commission that seems to have failed. At seeing the party and their contact enter the room, the man and women pull out weapons and attack. A long battle ensues, with what turns out to be an Incubus and a Succubus, with Nim being temporarily charmed by the pair and attackign his allies. The team and the two thieves manage to beat the pair.

The team find out that the pair had commissioned a job to steal the Eye of the Raven Queen, which the thieves had done, but upon discovering its power to locate magical (and therefore expensive) items, they decided not to hand it over to them and keep it for their own purposes instead.

The party manage to convince them to hand it over to them to 'Save the World', but Unknown decides to stay with the Guild to train up.

Nim and Raashak leave and head to Cloahpool and deliver the Eye.

Meanwhile in Cloahpool
======================

Another team of adventurers: Kardak, the Dwarven Barbarian; Patrin, the Dragonborn Cleric; and Ander, the Halfling Druid, are given a task by the Lord of Cloahpool to transport an important item to Halderry in Yrenlion. The item they are given is stored in a magically sealed box, perfectly smooth on all faces. They are told that it's not important how long it takes, just that it reaches the destination safe and in secret.

They have easy travellings for a few days, but on the third they run into a herd of Owlbears inside a dense forest. Their first real bout of combat for a while, the team revel in the kills.

Shortly after their fight, Kardak spots a woman running through the trees. Ander transforms into a Giant Eagle and flys above her to see what's happening. He spots a man chasing after her. Kardak and Patrin hear the woman laughing.

Ander lands in front of the pair and the man draws his sword. Ander lowers his head and acts submissive. The woman stop the man from attacking and walks towards Ander and says that she can see him.

Ander transforms back into a Halfling and greets the two. The man, Carric, and the woman, Mara, invite him and his friends back to their homestead.

The homestead consists of four home and a storage silo. The team talk to Carric and Marra about the town and go to meet Rieta, a Tiefling.

As the sun sets, the team hears noises coming from the silo. Kardak, shortly followed by Ander and Patrin, goes to investigate and as they get close, the silo door bursts open and several Helmed Horrors and Flameskulls.

As the team battle the threats, some of the enemies attack the homesteaders. The homesteaders attack back, but Mara is taken down. After the enemies are killed, Patrin heals Mara, saving her from dying.

Leaving the homesteaders to tend to themselves, the group head into the silo to see if there's any more danger. Inside they find a trap door in the silo that leads down into the dark.

Underground they find a dungeon, and in the first room they find a bunch of Air Elementals which, thanks largely to Ander's Sun Beam, they destroy. Feeling confident from that battle, Ander rushes into another room which, he finds, contains an Efreeti and a Salamander. The Efreeti starts to charge Ander and Ander slams the door shut and tries to hit the Efreeti through the door with a Fire Wall. He destroys the door, but has no apparant effect on the Efreeti.

The barbarian and the cleric both jam the doorway and attack the Efreeti. The halfling, Ander, sneaks past the Efreeti and tries to pick up the Salamander and fails. Annoyed, he attacks the Salamander, killing it.

The Efreeti is eventually defeated and, now tired and wounded, the team retreat back to the Silo. They shut the trapdoor and weigh it down with boxes and bags of grain. They fall asleep on the bags.

In the morning they find that the boxes and bags are back in their original positions. Ander looks outside and discovers that the remains of the Helmed Horrors and Flame Skulls have disappeared. The team go and talk to the homesteaders who don't appear to remember them.

After a short discussion, the team send Ander into the Dungeon as a Fire Elemental to talk to the Efreeti, assuming that it has caused some magical effecto to take place. Ander manages to sneak past the Air Elementals an into the room with the Efreeti.

After a short conversation, in which the Efreeti professes to know nothing about what is going on, and certainly doesn't remember dying the previous day, Ander returns to his team mates.

Not knowing what is causing the magic, whether it is the item they are transporting or something about the Homestead or Dungeon, they manage to convince the people of the Homestead to leave with them, convincing them that a danger lies beneath.

The other people of the town are revealed to be Vondal, a Dwarf; Cade, a Halfling; and Vola, a Half-Orc.

Together they all leave to the West. Ander transforms into a Dire-Wolf and scouts ahead.

After a few hours travel, the group run into a group of Gricks, who are swiftly defeated.

Later, as the sun sets, the group makes camp. Before getting everyone to sleep, Ander hands the villagers paper and writing implements and asks them to write letters to themselves in order to convince them that something is afoot.

Ander takes first watch.

The party wake up, once again, in the storage silo.

A quick looks reveals that the paper Ander got the villagers to write letters on is back in his pack, with no writing.

The party goes 'round the village to see if people remember them, but no-one seems to.

Ander asks Carric what year he believes it to be and he responds with a year over 120 years ago.

Kardak performs a ritual to learn about the land around them from his Bear Spirit Animal. He learns that the above ground landscape is fairly standard, but that there is a large empty space beneath them. The bear refers to it as a Cavern, but it appears to be referring to the Dungeon beneath the silo. He also states that there are lots of different types of creatures around, elementals, undead, even a dragon.

The team decide to leave the village and watch from a distance to see what happens.

From their vantage point, they see Carric and Mara leave to go hunting, and some general activity around the village. Shortly before sunset, Carric and Mara return and Ander uses his wildshape to become an eagle to fly above the village to keep watch.

As the sunsets, with all of the villagers in their home, Ander sees the door to the silo open, and careful inspection leads him to see Air Elementals come out and head towards the villagers houses.

After a few minutes, the Air Elementals leave the home and head back to the silo, disappearing within.

Ander lands and changes back into a Halfling. He checks on Carric and Mara's house to find Carric dead in the main room and Mara dead in the bedroom.

Going outside, he waves his friends over. The three split up to check the remaining houses.

Ander finds Vondal and Cade both dead in the main room of their house.

Patrin finds Rieta dead in her bedroom.

Kardak find Vola alive in the main room of her house, but only barely. He calls the others over and they question Vola about what happened. They here about the Air Elemental attack. They question her about her reasons for coming to the village and various question about the other inhabitants. As she answers, Vola begins questioning her own reasons, as if not quite convinced that her own memory is accurate. After the questioning, Vola falls asleep with exhaustion. Kardak carries her to the bed.

Now late at night, Ander transforms into an Air Elemental and re-enters the Dungeon, this time using his form to pass through the locked door, into a room full of Skeletal warriors. He manages to sneak passed them and into another room with a Swamp Monster in it. After some trickery, he manages to get passed it and into another room, in which he is attacked by unseen assailents.

Rushing passed, he gets to a room he has already seen, one containg an Efreeti and a Salamander. He turns back and takes another door off of the one with the invisible enemies and finds a corridor. Following it, he comes to some stairs. Following them down he comes to a small room with desks piled with books and paper, and a large, very ominous door, one he cannot pass through in his Air Elemental form.

He tries to break down the door, but to no effect. He comes out of his Wildshaped form and looks over some of the papers and books. He sees notes about the attacks happening on the villagers, checking the last few days of notes to see that it mentions the attack they first saw and the Air Elemental attack that happened earlier in the day.

In anger, Ander rips out the remaining pages of that Tome and uses the ink, to write in big letters with his fingers "Tomorrow, you will die".

Ander heads back up the stairs and follows the corridor the rest of the way 'round to find a dead-end, but with small slivers of light around what looks to be a secret door.

In his weak, halfling form, Ander has trouble pushing the door open, but manages to open it enought to see some of the Helemed Horrors that they saw on the first night.

Meanwhile, Kardak is investigating the village houses and find diaries and papers detailing the few weeks since the villagers arrival. One mentions a small conflict between Mara and Vola, but doesn't mention what it was about. He mentions the conflict to Patrin.

The team wakes up in the silo.

It becomes quickly apparant that the last thing that Kardak remembers is setting up camp with the villagers - he appears to not remember the previous day at all.

After getting Kardak up to speed and Ander and Patrin conferring with everything they learned the previous day. Patrin talks to the villagers to try and find out what the conflict between Mara and Vola was about, to see if it will shed any light on the current situation. It turns out that Mara's family was largely killed during the war with the Half-Orcs, and Vola being a Half-Orc lead to some tension between them.

The team decide to try and head west on their own, thinking that without the villagers they may be able to leave.

About 100 meters out, at the edge of the clearing the village is situated in, the party notice some cart tracks, the same cart tracks they made two days ago. They deduce that the reset doesn't affect the land outside of a certain radius.

It takes all day, but they manage to travel to their campsite from two days previous, which is still there. They carry on travelling all through the night.

The teams wakes up in the silo. This time, it is Ander and Patrin that appear to have forgotton previous events, with Patrin not remembering the previous days travel and Ander not remembering the previous two. Kardak struggles to get them caught up.

Once caught up, and now understanding that they may entirely lose their ability to remember the passage of time, Ander heads out of the village, to where the cart tracks start, and makes a talley of the number of days he can remember happening.

Once Ander gets back, the team decides to go into the dungeon. Ander, once again, transforms into an Air Elemental and goes into the dungeon, finding the other Air Elementals, he manages to convince them to not attack the party that will be shortly arriving. Doing a little more exploring, Ander drifts through a door and spots a Legendary Beholder. It doesn't appear to notice him, so Ander drifts back throught the door and goes to reunite with his party.

After explaining what he saw, the team decide to go down and fight it.

Creeping past the, hopefully neutral, Air Elementals, the party make their way to the Beholder. Ander transforms into an Earth Elemental and glides through the Earth to come up behind it and the fight begins.

Patrin gets paralysed early on, but Ander and Kardak manage to give it without taking too much damage.

Now not sure that this was the reason for the problems above, the party continue to explore. Patrin finds a room with Helmed Horror's in and remembers that Ander told her about a secret passage near them.

Entering the room, the party quickly dispatch the armours and Ander, still in his Earth Elemental form, destroys in a single punch the wall he failed to push open as a Halfling.

The trio enter the corridor and go down the stairs.

They enter to find the previously closed doors now open.

A voice booms out, "You're Late!"

The party walks through the door to the brightly lit chamber beyond, finding, upon a massive throne-like chair, an old man.

Before anyone can really react the old man launches a spell at Ander, who earth glides into the ground.

The fight starts in earnest, with the old man launcing many spells and the parts doing plenty of damage back.

Eventually, the old man appears to lose patience and transforms into a massive Brass Dragon.

It takes a little time, bit the team manage to defeat it, relatively unscathed.

Taking more time to read throught the notes, it appears that the Dragon, named Umberoth, was conducting research on the villages, whom it summoned to this village, but having them various types and numbers of monsters. It was apparantly looking for a way of improving various species in order for them to deal with greater levels of evil.

Making their way back through the dungeon, the team come to the villagers and once again convince them to leave with them.

As before, they travel west and at night, make camp.

This time, the team and the villagers all wake up at their make-shift campsite in the woods. The, now larger, party continues west into Yrenlion, towards Halderry.

Ilyandorei
==========

Stor, the Human Barbarian, Lex, the Halfling Fighter and Lia, the Elven Bard are travelling on a coach from Ruslal, in the north of Ilyandorei to Osla, in the Desert to the South. On the Coach with them is Mialee, an Elven Bard and her Half-Elf Daughter Thia. The coach is being driven by Adrick, a Dwarf.

After a day of travel, and some idle chit-chat, the coach comes to a sudden stop, with Adrick yelling that there is a problem. Lex is the first out of the coach and sees a giant wasp has attacked one of the horses. Lex, Stor and Lia, with some help from Adrick manage to take down the wasp, and it's two friends, without too much difficulty (except Stor getting paralysed).

With the party tires and one of the horses still paralysed, Adrick suggests that camp early for the night. Lex starts a fire and everyone heats rations and eats.

Lia suggests that Mialee and Thia sleep on the couches in the coach, and Lex says he'll sleep on the floor of the coach.

Stor takes first watch and gets mesmerised by the fire, not really seeing anything. Luckily nothing attacks.

Lia takes second watch and climbs a tree for a better vantage point. She sees some animals drawn by the embers and smoke of the fire, but none come close.

In the morning Adrick awakes first and is surprised to find Lia nowhere in sight. After quietly calling for her Lia drops out of the tree and makes herself known. After a short conversation, Adrick goes to check on the horses.

Lex wakes up and anounces that he is going hunting. He heads east and manages to spot a wolf. He takes aim at it but misses and the wolf runs off. A few minutes later he spots the wolf charging at him. He gets knocked down but manages to kill the wolf with his rapier.

Unexperienced with getting meat off of animals, Lex decides to drag the heavy beast back to camp, something he struggles with.

Meanwhile, Stor has woken and gone to see to nature's business. As he is finishing, Lex comes upon him and gets Stor to carry the Wolf he had been dragging through the forest.

Back at camp, Stor makes short work of cutting up the beast, which Lex cooks. 

After a filling breakfast the group get moving again.

After about four hours travel, as the day is reaching noon, Lex, sitting next to Adrick on the drivers seat, spots a raven land on the coach. A few minutes later he spots another land next to it.

A few minutes later one of the ravens flies up and swoops 'round, coming at Adrick and Lex. Just before hitting Lex, the raven shapeshifts into an Imp and knocks Lex off of the coach and tries to stab him with its tail.

Adrick stops the coach and informs the people inside that they're under attack. Lia and Stor jump out of the coach and make short work of the imp only to have the other on the roof shapeshift and attack and another come out of the forest.

While the trio and Adrick defend against the Imps a flying Spined Devil attacks the coach itself. Lex goes to see what is happening and sees the Spined Devil rip the door off of the coach and grab Thia and start to fly away. Mialee fires a Fire Bolt at the devil and the devil fires two Tail Spines back at her, taking her down.

After taking care of the Imps, the trio go after the Spined Devil, with Lia stopping to restore health to Mialee. They manage to shoot it with enough magic and crossbow bolts to make it drop below the trees for cover. As they catch up with it Stor manages to get a solid hit on the back of its head and takes it down.

As Lex gets to the girl, who was frozen on the spot through terror, she is invisibly lifted up and dragged through the forest.

Chasing after her, the trio spot a hooded figured, masked in shadow, in a clearing in the forest. The figure casts a Fire Bolt at Lex, which knocks him unconcious. Stor gets up close to the figure and sees inside the darkness, an Elven man, with long dark hair.

Lia manages to heal Lex, getting him back up.

A short battle occurs with the team not seeming to do much damage. Suddenly, a loud explosion is heard and a bright flash is seen coming from the forest. The elven figure stumbles sideways, hit by a powerful shot. The trio see Adrick in the forest with some metallic device.

The figure now out of the way, Stor can see a swirling pool of dark liquid, 30ft away.

As Adrick comes running forward the figure casts a spell that lifts all four of them up and behind him. The team continue trying to attack and manage to damage the figure enough to make him drop them, unfortunately into the swirling liquid, which turns out to be a portal. The team land hard on the other side and Stor gets knocked unconcious.

Adrick brings Stor 'round with a potion and the group surveys their surroundings. They see the portal above them close and seem to be a small room. They venture out and through a window see a vast landscape with pitch black ground and a blood red sky. They hear a muffled explosion from a neighbouring room and go to investigate.

They find another portal open and see the figure slowly decend through it with Thia in his arms.

Prepared to fight, they start a conversation with the figure. They find out that he is Jamah and that he is taking Thia to encourage her father, Ikore, to perform a task that has been asked of him.

Jamah tells them that he is attempting to rescue a trapped ancestor and needs Ikore's aid in doing so. He will get his daughter back, alive and unharmed if his completes his taks and entrusts this message to the group to give to him.

The group reluctantly agree and Jamah uses a cube device to send them back to the clearing in the forest. The four head back to the coach to find Mialee still slumped against the side of the coach. She is told what has happened and says that Ikore will be in Osla. As a group, they all head to Osla, with haste.

During the ride to Osla, Mialee becomes quite withdrawn and stops talking much.

Osla
====

After a day an a halfs further travel they reach Osla and get to Mialee's house and find Ikore, who is currently tutoring a student in Wizardry sees Mialee enter and she bursts into tears. It's left to the party to explain what happened and deliver Jamah's message.

Ikore tells the party that he intends to complete the spell that Jamah wants, but that he will use it to find his daughter and rescue her.

Ikore asks the party if any of them are willing to deliver a message to Head Wizard Bewyn in Kafenaus, in South Yrenlion. He also asks that the party take his new student, Ildra, to the wizards guide to be trained as he no longer has the time.

In addition, Ikore asks whether they would be willing to find a book, by Ivgur Esprix, that contains research into other dimensions, that should be stored in the library at the Qizards College. The party agree, but first go shopping for essential supplies.

After getting their new armour and ammunition, the party, including Ildra, and with Adrick driving the coach (who says he can take them, but can't go much farther), head East to Kafenaus.

Several hours into the journey, the coach is attacked by a party of Gnolls, which the party make quick work of.

The coach continues of for a few hours before stopping for the night. During the second watch, Lia and Lex spot some bandits creeping up on them. They start off trying to take them on by themselves, but quickly get overwhelmed and have to yell for help. With Ildra, Stor and Adrick helping, they take down the bandits and go back to sleep.

Kafenaus
========

The next day at around noon, the coach arrives in Kafenaus and they are directed to the Wizard's College.

The party are quickly directed to Bewyn's Office near the top of the Wizard complex. After being shown in to see Bewyn, they deliver the letter to Bewyn.

Asking about the book by Ivgur Esprix, Bewyn tells them that it is probably in the library downstairs. At that moment, the conversation is interrupted by another wizard bringing a message saying that a messenger has arrived from Lord Robert Cloahpool.

The party are ushered into a neighbouring room while the messenger delivers the message. Lex listens at the door and hears the words "Key" and "Stolen".

After being brought back in to see Bewyn, he informs them that something has come up and he'll be unable to help them with their mission. Ildra volunteers, as a wizard-in-traing,to show them around the library. Bewyn agrees and hands her a magical ring that will allow them access to the library and through the magical protections and to help guide them to the book they are searching for.

Exiting Bewyns office, the party see a Half-Elf, dressed as a merchant, waiting in the entry room.

The party heads to the library and Ildra uses the ring to open the door and as she enters two large stone glyphs on either side of the door, inside the library, suddenly light up. The ring of Ildra's finger starts tingling and looking at it Ildra sees that it is also lit up. As she watches it, both the ring and the stone glyphs slowly fade in brightness.

The library is huge and multilevel, and Ildra begins to use the ring to locate the book. Adrick and Lia join her, but Lex and Stor decide to remain outside and gamble among themselves.

Entering through a gap in the bookshelves, Lia spots some Gargoyles sitting on top of the bookcases, some 60ft up.

Ildra, Lia and Adrick manage to find their way to the far end of the library where they find a book by Ivgur Esprix, simply called 'The Realms'. They also find, next to it, a book, that is seemingly misplaced, about health and fitness.

It's at this point that Ildra and Lia both hear a low rumbling, followed by a noise that Lia recognises as a portal opening.

Quickly grabbing the book, as well as the health and fitness book, they go to investigate the noise. A short distance away, Lia spots a large portal in the floor, much like the ones that had seen previously.

In the distance they can hear rocks crumbling and suddenly sirens start going off, although they are quickly silenced. Across the other side of the portal, Ildra spots a large purple demon, that Lia recognises as a Spined Devil, like they'd fought a few days previously. It spots them and attacks.

As they defeat it, a further three appear, two of which are carrying one of the stone glyphs that have been seen around the library. They all launch themselves at the party, the two carrying the stone dropping it in the portal as they fly over it.

At the other end of the library, Lex and Stor hear the sirens and see the library doors start to close. They leap through and start heading towards the direction that they saw Ildra, Lia and Adrick head minutes earlier. As they get to the bookcases, Stor sees the Gargoyles come to life and manages to dodge as one of them jumps down on him. Lex isn't so lucky as he is hit by one of them from above.

Back with the Spined Devils, Lia and Ildra use a barrage of Fire Bolts, accompanied by Adrick's marksman shooting, make short work of the enemies. As they kill the last one, the portal in from of them closes. The three of them head towards the exit at some speed.

Stor and Lex are having difficulties damaging the Gargoyles and are being badly damaged at the same time. Lex tries to run away, but the Gargoyle's prove to be faster.

Things are looking dire when a Wizard, that had been studying in the library, aids them in destroying the Gargoyles and aids in giving a potion to Stor after a Gargoyle takes him down.

Adrick, arriving with Ildra and Lia, gives Lex his last potion, as he was also taken down by a Gargoyle.

Looking from where they came, Ildra and Lia see a growing darkness heading towards them. The party, now including the wizard Atvaa, head at speed towards the library doors.

As they get to the doors, they hear some people on the other side trying to open them. With the help of the party, they manage to get the doors open enough for the party to escape as the Darkness consumes the library.

Having barely escaped, the party are escorted back up to Bewyn. On the way up, they are passed by the Half-Elf they saw earlier.

Bewyn apologises for the incident and asks what exactly had happened. After telling their tale, Bewyn apologises again and explains that by taking one of the security glyphs the security system had gone awry and started shutting down the library. Although the Gargoyles probably attacked because Stor and Lex entered without a ring protecting them.

Lex mentions the Stolen Key that he heard about earlier and Bewyn relunctantly explains that the Key is one of four that protects the prison of Raziel.

One of the four keys by itself is nearly useless, all four are required to open a portal to the pocket dimension in which Raziel is imprisoned. It also turns out that destroying any one key with disable the protections of the pocket dimension, allowing ordinary portals to access it.

Lia suggests that it is possible that Jamah is attempting to free Raziel and that he needs the spell to locate the dimension and may be able to destroy the key, breaking the protections.

Bewyn insists that destroying the magical key is essentially impossible, although admits that it may technically be possible.

Bewyn them informs them that Ivgur Esprix is alive, having retired a decade before, and is living and working at a shop in Cloahpool.

The party decide to go to find Ivgur and see if he can help find Jamah. Bewyn tells them that there is an old wizard outpost on the eastern edge of Yrenlion, on the border with Taldoran, that he can have them teleported to in order to hasten their journey.

Lia gives Adrick the book and asks him to deliver it to Ikore. Before leaving, Adrick gives Lex his pistol, as his contribution to the cause.

The party sleep the night at the college and level up.

In the morning they all wake up and, one-by-one, make their way downstairs for breakfast. When finished they go to see Head Wizard Bewyn and ask to be  teleported to the outpost. Bewyn instructs another wizard to take them to the departure room and to cast the spell.

The party is led into a smallish room, the floor of which is covered in arcane glyphs, arranged in a circle. The wizard tells the group to get inside the circle. They do and the wizard begins to perform the spell. A white flash of light explodes infront of the party and as their eyes adjust they can now see that they are in a different place.

Looking around, they can see another circle of arcane glyphs on the floor and a door in front of them. Stor walks up to the door and pushes it and, with his great strength, breaks it off of its hinges.

In front of him, Stor can now see a long corridor, at the end of which is another door. Stor pushes this one as well and it opens to the outside world. Lex Lia and Ildra follow him out.

All they can see in front of them is trees and behind them is a large stone hill, in which the door they just came through is located. As the door closes the party struggle to see it against the rock. If they concentrate hard enough they can still see it, but something is making them want to look away.

Finding the sun in the sky, Lex manages to determine East and they head off in that direction, through the trees, towards Taldoran.

Taldoran
========

After a couple of hours that reach a road. Not knowing if the road is in Taldoran of still in Yrenlion, and not seeing any mile markers or signs, they continue travelling East.

After an hour or so the ground starts to get soggier, and there is the definate scent of a swamp in the air. Lex, having seen maps of Taldoran before, remembers that there is a swamp in the middle of Taldoran and turns the party around and heads North-West to try and re-find the road they found earlier.

A hour or so later, they do manage to refind the road and follow it North.

Much farther up the road they begin to approach a town. The ask a farmer they pass the name of the town, he tells them it is Irragin. Asking for directions, the farmer goes on to say the Cloahpool is north of Irragin, beyond the mountains.

Irragin
=======

As they walk into Irragin, the sun begins to set and the group decides to spend the night in town.

They find a tavern, the Empire's Reach. They enter to find it packed, which lots of talk and drink flowing. Lex purchases a couple the last remaining rooms for the night.

Lex, trying to get a room for himself alone, tries to convince the others that he was only able to get a single room and that he is willing to sleep in the barn. Not believing him, Lia talks to the barman and confirms that he did infact get two rooms.

Ildra, not being used to long journeys, is tired and goes up to one of the rooms. Downstairs, the party enjoy the night and retire a few hours later, Lex and Lia in one room and Stor joins Ildra.

While meditating/sleeping, Ildra opens here eyes and finds herself in a darkened room. The only light is coming through moon and star shaped holes in a wooden door in front of her. She doesnt recognise the room, but she knows its not the one she was in.

Looking around, she find herrself in front of several long wooden boxes. She reaches out a hand and feels drawn to one of them. She walks over and touches it. The top of the box disappears and she see herself, lying unconscious in the box. She reaches out and touches the form in front of her and as she does it open its eyes.

Ildra's suddenly thrust into another place, completely dark, she feels completely alone. As she slowly spin round she sees, silhouetted against some faint glow in the distance, a dark-cloaked figure. Looking closer at the hood she see the face of an male Elf. She dont recognise him, although she now feels afraid.

Ildra takes a step back and sees, to her left, Lia and Stor and to her right, Lex and two other figures that your feel you know but dont recognise. The first is a male Tiefling in heavy armour, the second a female human, in a fancy cloak.

As she looks forward she sees a bright room full of chains, torches flaming on the brick walls, and the same Elf standing in front of her, this time with his hood pulled back. There appears to be a heated conversation happening and she can see peoples lips moving but cannot hear them. All she can hear is the rattling of chains and the crackling of the torches.

A movement catches Ildra's eye at the back of the room; she see a bird, the blackest youve ever seen, take off and fly. You follow its path as it goes over her head.

She spins round and behind her she can now see a large house surrounded by trees. She sees the bird fly towards it and disappear through one of its windows.

Ildra begins to run towards the house, running through trees and foliage. She begins to feel as though she's not so much running towards it, but running away from something else.

Ildra gets to the house, this mansion in the woods, and runs up its wooden steps to the front-door. She slams into it and it opens, she falls through.

Ildra now finds herself standing in a pool of some green liquid. She feels her legs tingling and she leans down and reaches out to touch the pool. Her hand just flows through it as though it were mist, all she feels is a slight tingling sensation.

As she stands back up, she can see herself again, this time on a bed, back in the inn.

Ildra opens her eyes and see no-one standing in front of her, all she see is the room of the inn and Stor laying beside her. Ildra leaves the room and goes looking for Lia.

She finds her, still meditating on the bed, next to a sleeping Lex. Ildra begins to discuss her dream with Lia, but this wakes up Lex who starts making a lot of noise. A banging is heard of the wall next to Lex, he appears to have woken someone up.

Now awake, and as the sun is rising out the window, Lia and Ildra, as well as a begrudging Lex go downstaires to get breakfast. Stor, who had been woken up be Ildra moving around, has also woken up and is making his way down.

As the bartender drops off the breakfasts at the table, Ildra quickly runs upstairs to get her pet mouse.

While up there, Antanus (Tiefling Paladin) and Zoe (Human Wizard) come down, having been woken by the noise, much to the obvious annoyance of Zoe and get in a conversation with the gang. Ildra comes downstairs and recognises the two from her dream and confides the dream to Lia.

After finding out the the people at the table are adventurers on a quest, Antanus tells them that the two are looking for adventure and wish to join. A brief discussion about loot ensues. While Lex and Stor consider allowing them to join, Lia gets Ildra explain to explain her dream to the group.

She says the Antanus and Zoe were in her dream, standing beside her, seeming to indicate that they will be joining them. Also, from the description Ildra gives, it appears that the Elf in her dream was Jamah.

Eventually the group accept the Tiefling, who is a Paladin and the Wizard, that calls herself a Witch, to their group.

Having finished breakfast, the now larger group decides to leave and they head north into the mountains.

After over an hours travel the mountains, the group spot a person coming towards them. As they get closer to the person, they can see that the woman coming towards them is injured, her left leg bleeding. As she gets close she begins yelling to the group, begging them for help.

As the party get to her they see that's she's been crying. They ask her what the problem is and she tells them that her she and her son were attacked by giant monster and that her son was taken into a cave in the mountain. The womans name is Natali, and her sons name is Igan.

After Lia heals her leg, Natali takes the group to the entrance of the cave. Natali waits outside, still injured, as the party enter.

The team enter the Ogre cave and after a few hundred meters, they come to a cross roads, with paths leading left, right and straigh on. They can see, coming from the right path, flickering multicoloured light. They take the right path and quickly encounter flickering balls of red and blue lights that fly from wall to wall. The lights don't seem to be hostile and are infact lighting the cave quite well.

After a few turns on the path the light in the tunnel begins to change to an eerie green colour. On the floor now, is a green pool. It seems to be very similar to the one that Ildra described in her dream.

After a little experimenting with hands and copper coins, both Lex and Antanus step into the green mist, instantly feeling a tingling sensation on their legs. The pool isn't deep, only ankle high, but the tingling sensation does appear to be growing up their bodies. Ignoring the sensation and continuing 'round the bend, the pair come to a wall of pure darkness, much a contrast to the lit tunnel they are currently in. Lex puts a hand towards the darkness and watch as his hand disappears into it.

Lex walks into the darkness. He feels safe but cannot see anything in the darkness. He reaches back through and beckons Antanus to come in.

While the rest of the party wait on the other side of the green pool, Lex and Antanus slowly walk deeper into the darkness. They begin to hear the sound of fast running water. They begin to feel spray on their faces as the sound of the water gets louder. All of a sudden, Antanus feel the a lack of ground  beneath his left foot and he stumbles forward onto one knee, his left foot falling into water; water that he can feel rushing with some force.

Not wanting to try and brave the river without the rest of the team, they decide to go back. Finding there way back through the darkness, they suddenly come out into into the green light given off by the pool. They wade back through and meet up with the rest of the party.

Not willing to face the river without knowing they have to, the party decide to explore the rest of the place first. Folling the path filled with the dancing blue and red lights, the party come back to the cross-roads and go straight ahead. Now in normal darkness, Zoe lights a torch so she, Stor and Lex can see. As they proceed, the tingling that Lex and Antanus had been feeling takes over their entire bodies and they both stare in amazement as Lex produces a flame his hands and a thorny vine extends from Antanus'. They have temporarily gained the use of a simple cantrip for a short time.

The party is amazed at this and it takes them a while to notice that they've come to a T-junction. They decide to take the right path and following it aroung, eventually coming to another T-junction. The follow this to the left and Lex, fearing a loop, drops a copper coin on the floor.

The group follow the path 'round and it comes to a ninety degree left turn, which they follow. At the front, Stor and Antanus trigger a trap that drops several rocks on their heads. Antanus spots it at the last moment and dodges out of the way, doing his best to drag Stor with him. Stor takes a little damage, but is mostly fine.

After climbing over the rubble, the party gather themselves and continue on, following another ninety degree turn to the left and finding a choice, a right turn or straight on. Looking a little way to the right, they can see flickering blue and red lights and they conclude that they have infact gone 'round in a circle. Following the path back to the second T-junction, and Lex retrieving his coin, the party now take the right path.

After a short walk, the group find themselves at a cliff-edge, beneath them they can just see, with the aid of the flickering torchlight, a river. Across the other side of the ravine, the party can make out some flickering lights. In the distance to the right, they can see a rope bridge, although the path to the right doesn't appear to lead straight to it.

Before proceeding, they decide to check out the third path and go back to the cross-roads and take the last path. After a little while, they see torch light and enter a rooms full of bones. Examinging the bones reveals that their are many different sizes or many different races.

They step over the bones, hearing them crunch beneath their boots and head to a gap in the wall to the right where they can see more light from the room beyond.

They enter what appears to be a dining hall, with long, wooden tables, some of which still have the remains of meals on them. The team proceed through a wooden door at the far ebd of the hall and into a kitchen. They don't find much there, but some of the group do take a couple of knives and Zoe takes a pickaxe she finds on a side.

Coming back they way they came, to the crossroads, the team decide to explore the darkness. The head through the green pool, the rest of the party now getting the tingling sensation, and everyone except Ildra gaining a cantrip.

Holding hands, the go one-by-one into the darkness, Antanus leading. Antanus leads them to the edge of the river. Given that they cannot see anything, and the torch the Zoe was holding appears to have gone out, Lex starts tying a rope around himself, planning to jump into the water to try and find what's on the other side.

After a brief discussion, Lex hands the other end of the rope to Stor and jumps in the water. Being a Halfling, Lex struggles a little to get across what is quite a fast moving river, but he does eventually get across. After climbing up on the other side, Lex calls out that he is safely on the other side. Antanus announces that he is next and, holding onto the rope, jumps in the water. Being a decent swimmer, Antanus makes it to the other side without too much difficulty.

With Lex and Antanus holding the rope taught against Stor, Lia, with Ildra holding on to her, tries to shimmy along the rope. Unfortunately Stor is unable to maintain his grip and drops the rope. Lia and Ildra slam into the water and only just manage to hold on to the rope. Stor jumps into the river and blindly searches for them. He finds the rope and slides along it until he finds Lia and Ildra. Holding onto them as the river drags them farther along, but also closer to the edge, Stor manages to get them up on the edge to safety and then climbs up himself.

Shortly after Stor jumped into the river, Zoe starts examing the edge of the river and manages to find a bridge, which she, on hands and knees, slowly traverses. She meets up with the others who are now discussing how to get her safely across without the aid of the rope, and startles them as she proclaims that she is already across. Feeling a little stupid for not having looked for the bridge previously, the party continue on through the darkness, once again hand-in-hand, until they suddenly stagger out into the light.

In front of them they now see a sharp decline, with a small amount of light coming from the tunnel below. Lex takes the lead and spots a raised panel on the floor. He examines it, but makes nothing of it and proceeds onwards. As he steps on the panel, he hears clicks and motions beneath his feet and the party hear a large crash behind them. As they turn around they see a large boulder, one that only just fits in the tunnel, rolling towards them.

The party start running along the tunnel as quickly as they can, and Lex falls over, but Lia manages to get him up on his way past. They all make it down the passage where it opens up and they quickly dart to the side as the boulder launches past them and splashes into the river that is now infront of them.

Looking around, they can see that this is the same river they saw before from the cliff edge and can see the rope bridge high above them. To their left they can also now see a water fall, this is presumeably the result of the smaller river they just made their way across.

The party turn around and head back up the slope to the darkness. Antanus takes the lead and, holding hands, the party heads back through the darkness. Now knowing it exists, and with Zoe's help, Antanus quickly discovers the bridge and begins to walk across it. Part way across, Antanus slips and nearly falls in the river below, but, feeling her ally begin to fall, Zoe manages to keep Antanus upright.

They all make their way across the bridge and eventually make it through the darkness. The party cross the glowing green pool and into the bright passage beyond. While walking through the passage, some of the party hear sounds in the distance, sounds which were not there previously.

Lexin shouts out for Igan, which is shortly followed by a tinkling sounds, as if many small items were being dropped and them loud stomps are heard, getting closer.

Stor runs ahead a little a runs into an Ogre. A short battle commenses in which the party discover a previously unknown side-effect of their new magical abilities. For anyone except Ildra, who managed to resist the effects, casting a spell can have unknown side-effects. When Zoe cast a fire-bolt the ground around her became very slippery, as though it were covered with grease.

After retreiving a small bone-tooth necklace off of the, now dead, Ogre, the party continue on to the crossroads where they discover a collection of bones that had not been there previously, and the party assume that the Ogre had been carrying them and that they may be too late to save the child.

The party now proceeds quickly to the cliff they were at before. Once there, they now spot an Ogre on the other side of the ravine, walking towards the rope bridge. They watch as it begins to cross and disappear behind the rocks. Lex and Antanus rush forward to try and head it off and follow the path they're on into a room. As they turn into the room, they both see the Ogre and they both quickly attack it while it's still surprised. The Ogre drops the bowl it was carrying, which was holding some of the green mist substance which now spreads across the floor. Having heard Lex's gun, the rest of the party quickly catch up and also start fighting. The fight goes well, with little damage applied to the party, but Wild-Magic surges cause Zoe to age, almost imperceptably, by two years; Stor to start levitating; and Lia to polymorph into a sheep. The fight actually ended with Stor using his temporary new cantrip, Sacred Flame, which caused many magic missile to also hit the Ogre.

After a brief discussion about Sheep-Lia, Lex decides to use a dagger on the Sheep. The little bit of damaged caused does transform Lia back to her normal self, but Stor is still stuck levitating off the floor, having no real control over his movement.

Antanus attaches a rope to Stor and drags him out of the room towards the bridge, the other following behind him. The little bit of damaged caused does transform Lia back to her normal self, but Stor is still stuck levitating off the floor, having no real control over his movement.

Antanus attaches a rope to Stor and drags him out of the room towards the bridge, the other following behind him.

Once on the other side of the ravine, the party slowly make their way along the path and come to a source of light from a tunnel on their right. They detour through the tunnel and find a sleeping chamber, lit by a small fire. Sleeping on one of the bedrolls, is another Ogre. Lex and Lia try to sneak towards it, to go for the quick kill, but Lex trips over, dropping his weapons and making a loud enough noise to wake the sleeping Ogre. As the Ogre gets up, Zoe uses a Minor Illusion of a small gold chest to distract the Ogre while Antanus rushes towards it. A fight ensues, in which a magical surge causes Zoe to lose her hair.

The noise of the battle brings another Ogre to attack from behind the group. Lia pushes a still floating Stor towards the new Ogre. As Antanus finishes off the first Ogre, Stor delivers a massive blow to the second. The Ogre responds in kind, pushing the levitating Stor back. After another round of attacks, Stor uses his Sacred Flame which causes a surge of lightning damage that destroys the Ogre. Stor drops to the floor as the levitation wears off.

Antanus, while searching the bed chamber, discovers a Long Sword, hidden under one of the bed rolls.

Going back to the cliff edge, the party follows the path farther along and finds another tunnel with a light source, and this time they can hear a low monotone chanting coming from that direction. The party creeps forward and sees a brightly lit chamber with a dais in the center on a raised platform. They spot three ogres in the room and a fourth figure, with blue skin, face hidden by a cloak, approach the dais. On the dais the party can see a pile of rings of gold and silver, as well as other assorted trinkets. They watch as the blue skinned creature pulls back its hood to reveal it's true nature. Although it appears quite different, it is clear that this creature is some form of Ogre; it is in fact an Oni.

The Oni reaches out towards the trinkets and performs a spell that seemingly converts the trinkets into the green mist that they had encountered previously. As the trinkets are converted a blue mist can be seen flowing towards the Oni, wrapping itself around the creature and being absorbed by it, giving the Oni a gentle glow.

Having moved closer and now able to see more into the room, the party spots some cages in the corner, in which are three children.

Fearful for the children's lives, the team attempt a surprise attack, with Stor, Antanus, Lia and Lex rushing into the room to get attacks off, however, the Oni unleashes a cone of cold magic that takes down Stor, Antanus and Lia. After a few blows from all sides, Lex uses his produce flame cantrip to attack and a wild magic surge causes a Unicorn to appear of the battlefield. Being for the side of good, the Unicorn takes it upon itself to aid those fighting evil and heals both Stor and Antanus.

Ildra manages to stabalise Lia, who struggles to get back on her feet, but manages it. After a few more rounds, the Ogres are slain, leaving onlt the Oni, who is putting up a big fight. Another fire spell from Lex causes wild magic to summon three Flumps to the battlefield.

The Oni is slain when Lia uses her Viscious Mockery on the Oni, causing it to flee and granting oportunity attacks from Antanus, Stor and two of the Flumps, all which combined managed to kill it.

While Zoe tries to pick the lock of the cages, Antanus searches the fallen body of the Oni, obstensively looking for a key. He does find one, which he hands to Zoe, but he also finds a staff, which he hands to Lia for identification. Lia uses her magic to realise it's a Staff of Healing.

Zoe frees the children and helps them onto the Unicorn, which had come over to aid her. One of the children is Igan.

Lex and Antanus both examine the contents of the bowl on the dais and conclude that it is the same misty substance they had previously encountered.

Together, they all leave the cave, for what they hope is the last time. Outside the cave, they find Natali, who hugs her son as soon has she sees him. Natali then says that she will make sure that the other two children get safetly back home, their homes being to the South.

The party rest up outside of the cave, congradulating themselves on a job well done. Antanus discovers that his long sword is a Sword of Life Stealing, which will grant benefits in battle.

During their short rest, the party all level up.
